♪♪
♪ It's gonna get
a little weird ♪
♪ Gonna get a little wild ♪
♪ I ain't from round here ♪
♪ I'm from another dimension ♪
♪ Gonna get a little weird,
gonna have a good time ♪
♪ I ain't from round here,
I'm from another-- woo-hoo ♪
♪ Yea-ah ♪
♪ I'm talking rainbows,
I'm talking puppies ♪
♪ Puh-puh-puh-puh-
puh-puh-puh-p-u-u-uh ♪
♪ It's gonna get
a little weird ♪
♪ Gonna get a little wild ♪
♪ I ain't from round here ♪
♪ I'm from another dimension ♪
[indistinct chatter]
Okay, Mom, where are you?
Star, wait!
Look, I want to
find your mom
as much as you do,
but trust the pie folk here,
and you'll lose everything.
Even your mind.
You guys obviously aren't
from around here, huh?
Ha! What are you
talking about?
This is our home.
Did you not notice
that we're dressed
in the traditional garb
of the pie folk?
Yeah, whatever.
Anyway, if you're
gonna leave,
you should have somebody
keep an eye on your boat.
I'll be happy to do it
for a few bucks.
Good idea!
Just allow me
to grab my things.
Yah!
Dad?!
Aight. I'm out.
That's right!
Run away!
I won't be swindled
by you and yours!
Dad, what
are you doing?
Oh, can't you see
he's a racketeer?
That scoundrel
wants us to pay him
to protect our boat
from himself.
We have to stay
ahead of these schemes
if we're going to
find your mother.
Now, where's Marco?
[Marco] Here.
Uh, where's the boat?
I sank it.
Where's the bloodhound?
The sales guy said
that only a fool
would use a bloodhound
to track someone.
So, I bought this instead!
[chitters]
You got a monkey.
No, Pumpkin,
he got swindled.
No. It'll work.
Just look at his beauty mark.
Our spirits are bonded.
Have him sniff the pie.
[sniffs]
Now, go find Queen Moon!
[yelps]
Is that my wallet?!
[chitters]
But-- But we're
spirit bonded!
-[chittering]
-[Marco] No!
Not the beauty mark!
[laughs]
[clicks tongue, chitters]
Monkey, no!
You see, Star? Swindled.
Uh, Star?
Aw, hey there, little guy.
Do you think you can tell me
where they make these pies?
Sure, I know where,
and I'll tell you
if you help me
steal this wagon.
Steal? J-- No!
What? No!
[King River]
It's a deal!
Dad, what
are you doing?
Um, give us
a second, my boy.
It's okay. You see,
this kid is running
a classic pie-folk scam.
The wagon belongs to him,
and he wants us
to steal his wagon
so that the shill
can come out of hiding
and catch us in the act
of stealing his wagon.
We need to draw the shill
out of hiding!
[audibly chomping]
Hey, you there, stop!
There he is!
Yo-hah!
[grunts meekly]
Ah-ha!
Dad, stop!
You're hurting him!
No! Don't you see?
He's the shill!
Ah! I'm not the shill!
The shill is over there!
Yeah, he's right.
I am the shill.
Me and the boy were
trying to trick you
out of your wallet,
but it didn't work.
-What?
All right,
come on, Sandy.
Get back in your
little hole there.
Let's get going.
Ugh! I got the wrong shill!
I was just trying to
stop him from robbing you.
They robbed me last week.
That's why I've got
the broken arm.
Easy does it, sir.
I am so sorry!
You will have to
forgive my dad.
Typical lazy thinking,
if you ask me.
You think all pie folk
are liars and thieves!
Some of us are good, you know?
Luckily, I have
a pretty thick crust.
[crying] Oh, Boysenberry.
Why are people so cruel?!
W-W-W-Wait, please.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
We didn't mean any harm.
Before you go, just--
Do you know who
made this pie?
Well, actually, uh, I do.
Oh, sweet!
Can you take us there?
Please, please, please, please,
please, please, please?
I'm not too keen
on doing favors
for people
who assault me.
Okay, Boysenberry,
let's be on our way.
I wish you well.
Sorry I-- I wasn't
able to help you.
Just a moment, please!
[groans] This-- This
does not come easy for me.
For I am but an old man
set in his ways.
But please,
please forgive me.
I just-- I just
miss my Moonpie!
[crying]
Dad, no.
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
It's okay.
We're going
to find her.
You know, I--
I lost a pie myself, once.
Oh, please-- please allow me
to take you to where
your pie was made.
[Star] We really,
really appreciate this.
I was beginning
to lose hope.
Well, not to worry.
Always happy to help.
[crying]
Don't cry, River.
Here.
[groaning]
Aah! Marco!
What? What is going on?
Marco, these tears
are fake tears.
Mine are real.
I want to
show you something.
Oh, no, no. You-- no.
You don't have to do that.
Ho ho! That's bracing.
That is bracing.
Those little devils
get the tears flowing.
You see, I played on the
little fool's sympathy
to get him to
take us to Moon.
I've got him right
where I want--
[groans] Ouch!
I say, would you be a dear,
and pull that lever
for me, please?
What, with the
arm and all.
-[rattling]
-[gasps]
Ow! [stammers]
What's this?
This wasn't supposed to happen!
Is everyone comfy?
What's going on here,
you little weirdo?
Oh, honestly.
Did you really think
your petty scams and those
ridiculous disguises
would work on us? [chuckles]
Aww, my disguise was
starting to grow on me.
Oh! [giggles]
That's shocking...
because I find them
to be rather confining.
-Uh...
-Ugh!
I was wrong again.
[sinister laughter] Ooh!
Everyone, everyone,
gather round, gather round.
And say hello
to our new guests.
And for the right price,
I'm sure they'll make
delicious pies.
Wait, what?
Make pies?
Now, who will start the bidding?
I'll give ya
five bucks!
I'll give you ten.
I'll pay 20!
They're gonna eat us.
No, Marco,
I took that to mean
we're gonna
help them make pies.
-Right, Dad?
-I don't know
anything anymore!
-[auctioneering]
-[clowd clamoring]
-[clamoring]
-[chittering]
[gasps] Monkey!
Monkey, the key! Yes!
I just knew we had
a connection, you little--
Hey! My shoes!
[chittering, hooting]
-The key!
-Sold!
To Fat Brett Scamson.
-For the price of--
-Wait!
I'll give you 45 billion...
710 million...
412 thousand...
242 pennies.
-[crowd gasps]
-Sold.
Do not cash this
till Monday.
[sniffs] Deal!
[all grunt]
I hope you get a refund
'cause you just made
a bad purchase.
-[chicken squeaks]
-What?!
The only thing bad...
is that check I just wrote!
-Oops! I have no money.
-[Monkey shrieks]
Fool Duke!
-Monkey?!
-[shrieks]
Oh, I was wondering
where he got these.
Aww, I knew there was
somebody good
on this island.
Give the wallet back.
What the-- What
are you doing here?
Well, I'm from here.
You pie folk?
Yep, just came to visit
the old family.
Hey, family!
We got company!
They got anything good?
No! And quit
scamming my husband.
It's okay, honey.
I can feel
a winning streak
coming my way.
No!
Star, what are
you doing here?
Well, we've been
trying to find my mom.
That's a pie.
Yep, this pie is gonna
lead us to my mom.
Only she bakes pies
like this.
[Fool Duke sighs]
We just need to find
where she's making them.
[Fool Duke]
Star?
You Queen-napped my mom?
No. Pie folk have been
making pies like this
for hundreds of years.
Even with the
little butterfly?
Actually, it's a moth.
I'm sorry, Star, but
your mom's not here.
Maybe that's a good thing.
This place is terrible!
Ruberiot's lost everything
except the hot air balloon
we got here with.
[Ruberiot] No!
My wife is gonna kill me.
[Monkey hooting]
How do you play
this game?
Give me that ring,
and I'll teach ya.
Oh, no.
Come on, Dad.
-Let's go.
-Okay, honey.
[sighs]
So, what do we do now?
[King River]
Sleep...
until the pain in my heart
is gone.
[whimpering]
[crying]
It's okay. We'll--
We'll figure
something out.
[crying]
Wait, are you crying,
or are those
allergies?
[sniffing]
What-- Uh, what--
-[sniffing]
-What are you doing?
[sniffing]
Uh, what's going on?
You smell that?
I'd recognize that
particular blend
of cinnamon
and cardamom anywhere!
Fool Duke's pies
didn't smell like that.
Mom's here.
Cloudy, take us
into that volcano.
Okay!
[Marco] Wait, we're
going into a volcano?!
I know you're down here, Mom.
I just know it.
Okay, does everyone have
their emergency
preparation meat?
In case we're held captive
for the rest of our lives?
Yes, Dad.
-[Monkey hooting]
-[Star gasps]
[all scream, grunt]
[Cloudy]
Oops! Sorry!
I didn't see
the ground there.
-[train whistle blows]
-[Star gasps] What?
-Whoa!
♪♪
[Queen Moon humming]
That song!
Star, isn't
that your--
[gasps] It is!
[Queen Moon humming]
♪♪
-[echoing] Mom!
-What are you doing?
Marco, get your hands
off of me.
Star, I know we finally
found your mom,
but let's not
blow this.
-[King River grunting]
-[Star] Huh?
[both grunting]
Oh, great idea, Dad!
We'll get in
using disguises.
Disguises? Oh!
Yes, that's exactly
what I was doing.
[pained groan, grunt]
Okay, let's go
get my mom.
Ugh! You know
we already
did disguises,
and it didn't work?
Yep! Let's go.
But don't I get a costume?
I'm the one who beat them up.
No, you can't go!
Oh, I'm sorry.
You always
mess things up!
Uh, is that mean?
I know that
sounds mean.
I love you
so much, Dad.
[stammers]
I love you, too.
Don't worry.
You have a purpose
on this mission, Daddy.
Just not right now!
Uh, bring back some pie
for Cloudy, okay?
[Monkey chitters]
[long breathy gasp]
♪♪
All right,
I got an idea.
Great.
What is it?
-[Star grunts]
-Wha-- What--
Star, what
are you doing?
♪♪
Hey, Mom!
You call me "Mom"?
No.
All right, my mom's
completely lost her memory.
Okay, so what
do we do?
I got an idea.
Great.
What is it?
D-- Star, wait!
What are you doing?
Yah!
Star?
[all grunting]
[Star]
Bunny rabbit blast!
-[pie folk murmuring]
-[Star] Tiara Tornado!
-[all screaming]
-Intruder!
Super geyser windstorm!
Here you go.
What?
Aah!
Sorry, Mom!
Starfish tsunami!
[all screaming]
-[pie folk clamoring]
-Quick, this way!
Get her!
Dad, we're back!
Let's go!
So what if I
mess things up?
Shouldn't I still
get a costume?
-[Star] Dad!
-Mm? Oh!
[laughs] Right.
Moonpie!
You're even more beautiful
than I remembered.
[Queen Moon]
I am not a pie!
Hey, get 'em!
-Get 'em!
-Don't let 'em go!
-Don't let 'em get away!
-[all clamoring]
[exclaiming, groaning]
[Marco and Star cheering]
-Yeah!
-We did it!
[exclaiming]
[Woman]
You come back here!
No! No, no, no,
no, no, no, no!
What's going on?
Uh, I think something's
going on with Cloudy.
[groaning]
Oh! Monkey!
[all exclaiming, grunt]
-[Queen Moon grunts]
-[pie folk laugh]
[sighs] Sparkle
lightning blast!
[pie folk exclaim]
Give me my mom.
Ugh! Stop, stop, stop!
Knock it off, you!
What? What are you doing here?
Granting you
my royal audience.
After all...
I'm the Pie King!
Pie King?
How many disguises
do you have?
That doesn't matter
right now.
What does matter
is the Sky Baker
is free to go whenever
and wherever she likes.
What? Sky Baker?
Yeah, she fell to us
from the sky!
She's not the Sky Baker.
She's my mom!
You're my mom,
and I'm the princess.
Well, I was
the queen, too.
But anyway, look,
you need to
come back with us
to our home.
[Marco]
There's lots of corn!
[King River] And you are
the prettiest one there!
Goodness.
Well, that sounds lovely.
But that's not
the full story, is it?
-[Star] What?
-[rumbling]
[grunts] Behold!
The pie of truth!
I can't see anything.
Get on my shoulders,
my boy! [grunts]
[King River]
What do you see?
Well, there's,
uh, a giant pie.
What? Pie? What
are they plotting?
How the--
[grunts]
The pie of truth
reveals everything.
Long ago, a pie folk girl
traveled to the mainland
with a pie carnival,
and was accidentally
left behind.
She was taken
by the king of Mewni,
and raised by the
Magical High Commission.
No one knew
that she was not
of royal blood.
Her name was Festivia.
And she became
the queen of Mewni.
So, that means
your great, great,
greaty-great,
etcetera granny
was pie folk.
And if Sky Baker
is your mama...
then you're
pie folk, too.
[King River] No!
My Moon is not
some dirty pie-monger!
I won't allow it!
No!
No! No, no, no!
You're a liar.
You're literally
the king of liars!
There is no way
we're pie folk.
Oh, you think
it's a coincidence
that your mother just happened
to end up here on Pie Island?
I-- I don't know why
she ended up here.
But Mom, this
isn't your home.
Don't you remember anything
besides this place?
I don't.
I know how to make pies.
And what delicious pies
they are!
Thanks to you,
we finally have a pie
that we can be proud of.
Oh, you-- you
like my pies?
I do like your pies.
And if you don't mind,
could you get back
to the oven
and bake some more?
We're way behind schedule.
I'm going to go
make pies now.
-[Marco whooping]
-[King River] No!
[menacing grunts]
I do hope you
find your mother.
Oh, long bake the pies!
[pie folk cheering]
Sorry to cut this short,
but we are behind schedule.
Pinkus, give them
a parting gift--
one of the day-old pies.
But those are
Pinkus' favorite.
What did I say
about sharing? Hmm?
I'll show you sharing.
[grumbles]
Okay, everyone,
back to work!
[all grumbling]
[Queen Moon humming]
Maybe this is
where she belongs.
[humming continues]
♪ Over, under ♪
♪ Around and through ♪
♪ Grab the little
Mewni rabbit ♪
♪ Pull him through ♪
[sighs]
♪ Pinch it and fold it ♪
♪ And tie it in a bow ♪
[both]
♪ Like two little bunny ears ♪
♪ Made out of dough ♪
-[gasp]
-[murmuring]
-Stupid music.
[both]
♪ Over and under ♪
♪ Wherever you roam ♪
♪ Sweet little Mewni rabbit ♪
♪ Hop back home ♪
I-- I remember this song.
I don't remember anything,
but I remember this song.
-[both shriek]
-Wow! Beautiful voices.
Now, scoot!
Sky Baker has
pies to make.
Aah! What?
I thought I was
free to choose.
Yes, and you chose
to stay here
and make pies for us.
By the way,
they're delicious pies.
They're selling like crazy
at the pie carnival.
No, I think
I changed my mind.
I'd like to go
and sing songs
with that girl.
-[chuckles]
-What?!
[Queen Moon]
Come on, let's go!
Aah! Seize them!
-[pie folk clamoring]
-[Marco] This way!
[Star laughs]
Eat my sparkles!
[man grunting]
Oh, yeah,
thanks, Craig.
Just keep walking
all over me like usual!
[panting, exclaim]
-[pie folk clamoring]
-You can't run anymore, kid!
Shooting star
explosion!
[exclaim]
[machinery cranks]
Strawberry death pie.
Ready for your last meal?
Ow!
Ha ha!
I committed treason
against my homeland!
-Fool Duke! Ruberiot!
What'd I say,
husband?
You said the
rubber chick--
The rubber chicken
was a good idea!
-They're getting away!
-Don't let 'em get away!
Huh? Wait! Wait!
-Wait!
-Marco!
-Get back here!
-[Marco grunts]
[screaming]
[Marco]
Aah! Huh?
Monkey! [gasps]
You do care!
[hoots]
No.
No!
Fine! Take it!
I can't believe
your monkey
was gonna let me
fall into lava.
It's not lava.
It's lukewarm
tomato sauce.
[chuckling]
Okay. What?
I hate
coming here.
So, Mom,
are you okay?
I mean, you've
been through
kind of a lot.
I'm fine.
You know, it's funny.
I have no idea
what will happen,
but I have this feeling
that no matter what,
it's going to be okay
because I'm meant
to be here with you.
[Queen Moon exclaims]
♪ She's a princess
winning battles ♪
♪ Through the break of dawn ♪
♪ Don't worry when it's night ♪
♪ 'Cause she will keep
the lights on ♪
♪ Oh,
there goes a shining star ♪
- ♪ Evil won't deter her
- ♪ No, sir! ♪
♪ 'Cause magic
flows through her ♪
♪ Star Butterfly ♪
♪ She is a shining star ♪